Artist: Future f/ The Weeknd
Album:  EVOL
Song:   Low Life
Typed by: Cedmaster3K

[Intro]
"High-high, get-get-gettin' high"
"Everybody gettin' high, gettin', get-get-gettin' high"
"And I'm the reason everybody"

[Future]
I just took some molly, what else? (hey)
Got some bitch from Follies with us ('scuse me, 'scuse me)
She gon' fuck the squad, what else? (I swear)
I'ma fuck her broads, what else? (yeah yeah!)
Bitch from Pakistan, what up? (foreign!)
Ferraris and them Lambs, what else? (skrrt skrrt skrrt!)
'Bout to fuck this club up, what else? (yeah yeah yeah!)
{"Metro Boomin want some more, nigga!"}

[The Weeknd]
I turned the Ritz into a poor house
It's like eviction #4 now
Go 'head and ash it on the floor now
Girl go 'head and show me how you go down
And I feel my whole body peakin'
And I'm fuckin' anybody with they legs wide
Gettin' faded with some bitches from the Westside
East Coast nigga reppin' Northside
Never waste a hoe's time, bitch I'm on my own time
Fuck a nigga co-sign, always change my number and my phone line
Baby girl I don't lie
Used to have no money for a crib now my room service bill cost your whole life
If they try to stunt me, I go all out military
I'm camo'ed all out like I'm in the military
I'd free up all my niggas locked up in the penitentiary
Cause I'm always reppin' for that low life

[Chorus: The Weeknd] + (Future)
Reppin' for that low life (turn up) low life, low life, low life
Know I'm reppin' for that looow, low life, yeah
(I'm representin', I'm representin', I'm representin')
Said I'm reppin' for that low life, low life, low life, low life, low life
(I'm representin' for that low life)
Said I'm reppin' for that looow, life (I'm reppin', that's reppin', I'm reppin')
Low life, low life, low liiife, yeah
(Rep, rep, rep, rep, rep, rep, woo, woo!)

[Future]
Wake up, take a sip of Ace of Spade like it's water
I been on the molly and them Xans with your daughter
If she catch me cheatin', I will never tell her sorry
If she catch me cheatin', I will never tell her sorry
Porsches in the valet, I got Bentleys, I got Raris
Takin' pain pills on the plane, gettin' chartered
Poppin' tags on tags, I was starvin' ('scuse me)
Bitch I got the juice and the carbon
Turn a five star hotel to a trap house
Roaches everywhere like we forgot to take the trash out
Flood my cross with ice, gettin' money my religion
Got my baby momma and my side bitch kissin'
I turned the Ritz into a lean house
This the sixth time gettin' kicked out (woo!)
I +Can't Feel My Face+, I'm on Adderall nauseous
Niggas tryna ride my fuckin' wave now they salty
Runnin' with the wave get you killed quick
Shoot you in your back like you Ricky
Lil Mexico, from no life to afterlife
My whole life, my whole life

[Chorus: The Weeknd] + (Future)
Cause I'm always reppin' for that low life, low life, low life, low life
Know I'm reppin' for that looow, low life, yeah
(I'm representin', I'm representin', I'm representin')
Said I'm reppin' for that low life, low life, low life, low life, low life
(I'm reppin' for that low life, reppin' for that low life)
Said I'm reppin' for that looow, life
(For that low life, I'm reppin' for that looow life)
Low life, low life, low liiife, yeah (low life)

[Future]
Yeah, they stereoootypin'
Cause they know a nigga keep ten rifles
And they know a nigga keep ten snipers
Keep a baby bottle like we wearin' diapers
Yeah, they stereoootypin'
Cause they know a nigga keep twenty rifles
And they know a nigga keep twenty snipers
And they know a nigga keep ten wifeys (hahahah)
Sniper, sniper, sniper, sniper, sniper
Wifey, wifey, wifey, wifey, wifey
That's your wifey, wifey, wifey, wifey, wifey?
I think I like her, like her, like her, like her, like her
That's your wifey, wifey, wifey, wifey, wifey?
I think I like her, like her, like her, like her, like her
Ohh that's your wifey, wifey, wifey, wifey, wifey?
I think I like her, like her, like her, like her, like her

[Interlude]
"High-high, get-get-gettin' high"
"Everybody gettin' high, gettin', get-get-gettin' high"
"Everybody gettin' high-high, get-get-gettin' high"
"Everybody gettin' high, gettin', get-get-gettin' high"
"And I'm the reason every-, gettin' high, get-get-gettin' high"
"Everybody gettin' high, gettin', get-get-gettin' high"
"Everybody gettin' high-high, get-get-gettin' high"
"Everybody gettin' high, gettin', get-get-gettin' high"
"And I'm the reason every-"

[Outro: Future - over 2nd half of Interlude]
I just took some molly, what else?
Got some bitch from Follies with us
She gon' fuck the squad, what else?
I'ma fuck her broads, what else?
Bitch from Pakistan, what up?
Ferraris and them Lambs, what else?
'Bout to fuck this club, what else?
We 'bout to fuck this club, what else?