Artist: Kendrick Lamar
Album:  untitled unmastered.
Song:   untitled 08 | 09.06.2014.
Typed by: Cedmaster3K

[Kendrick Lamar]
Why so sad?

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Walkin' around with them, blue faces!
She said "I'm down on my luck
And it's somethin' I gotta have"
Blue faces!
I hit the bank today and told them "Color me bad"
Blue faces!
Get that new money, and it’s breakin' me down honey

[Kendrick Lamar]
Two tears in the bucket, I cry with you
Uh, but I could never lie with you
I could never afford not to afford
I could never put my plans to the side with you
I could never see a red light, like a deer with a headlight
I freeze up when I re-up
See I barely have patience, and you're relatin'
Only the moment to complete us
Why you hate to work for it?
The reason I never went to work for it
See a nine to five was so jive turkey
But when Thanksgiving came that check didn’t hurt me
You plead the fifth, I read the Fifth Amendment
We both criminals with bad intentions
They say time heals all
But if I can shortcut my success, Corvettes by tomorrow
(Wait a minute!) Now why you so sad?

[Chorus]

[Kendrick Lamar]
My home girl got a credit card scam
She got a scholarship to college but she don't give a damn
Intuition, she got a broke bitch wishin'
She tell me this on the phone with the noodles in the pan
I know you woman, I console you woman
You feel like the universe owes you woman
Oh the anticipation of hopin' you could make it
Bitches don't prosper, chasin' education
But you're talented, and can't handle it
And your homegirls can't be your manager
365 times four, plus more
If ya can't get it right, tell me, do you got the stamina?
But shit, ain't no money like fast money
Even today I'm considered a crash dummy
A rapper chasin' stardom, how can I fast forward?
My accolades better than all them
Why you so sad?

[Chorus]

[Kendrick Lamar]
I wrote this song lookin' at a broke home baby (broke home baby!)
You know the poverty stricken the little broke boy and babies (broke boy and babies!)
Somebody yell "Kendrick American, they sho' is crazy"
And I said "Why?" Then he looked me in the eye

And said "Nigga you fucked up, you're bankin' on good luck
You wishin' for miracles, you never been through shit
You're cryin' hysterical, you settle for everythin'
Complain about everythin', you say you sold crack, my world amphetamine
Your projects ain't shit, I live in a hut bitch
I'm livin' to keep warm, you livin' to pay rent
I prayed my way through, by waitin' on Allah
You played your way through, by livin' in sci-fi
Bullshittin' yourself, you talkin' to strangers
Same thing goes for the ones you came with
When y'all came on the boat lookin' for hope
And all you can say is that you're lookin' for dope
These days ain't no compromise
And your pain ain't mines half the time
A brand new excuse ain't shit to me
Bitch I made my moves with shackled feet"
Cape Town

[Interlude]
In today's day and age
We practice the self pity of taking the easy way out
You wait on them, him and her
But when a blessing takes too long, that's when you go wrong
You selfish motherfucker (why so sad?)

[Chorus]

[Outro]
Pimp pimp~! (Hooray!)